Update version compatibility and certs location (#801)
giantswarm/k8scloudconfig: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Adjusted location of Calico etcd certs to match github.com/giantswarm/certs@v3.1.0.
> - Updated calico-all.yaml for Calico 3.16 compatibility. The new minimum supported version is now 3.16.0.
> - Upgraded Calico CRDs to v1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adjust location of Calico etcd certs to match github.com/giantswarm/certs@v3.1.0.
- Update calico-all.yaml for Calico 3.16 compatibility. The new minimum supported version is now 3.16.0.
- Upgrade Calico CRDs to v1.
```

### Removed

> - Removed Kubernetes 1.16 compatibility. The new minimum supported version is now 1.17.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove Kubernetes 1.16 compatibility. The new minimum supported version is now 1.17.0.
```
